curriculum/09-sql-continued/FACILITATOR.md, before:

# Class 09: Persistence with a SQL database, continued

## Overview

Today will likely be a catch-up day as students continue to persist their API results in their databases. You can expect most students to have their database functioning locally and storing records, but they may not have completed the logic to conditionally retrieve the database results or request the data from the API, if it has not yet been stored in the database.

Today is a good day for group discussions on how to approach the remaining feature tasks from lab 8, if students have not completed all of them by the time lecture begins. It is also a good opportunity for a group debugging session. Select a volunteer to present their code on the screen and allow the rest of the class to help navigate the student(s) to debug their code base. Your role in this process is to ensure that students take turns making suggestions without speaking over each other, but you should not be leading the navigation of this process.

Today's lecture will likely involve continued discussion of data modeling, joins, and primary and foreign keys. There is no formal lab assignment where students are asked to write joins (although there ia stretch goal in lab 13). However, they should still be familiar with the syntax to write a join and understand when and why they would use joins in a real-world setting.

## How do I prep for today?

Students will follow the same pattern from lab 8 to retrieve data from the Meetup API and the Hiking Project API.

## What changed from the previous class?

## What might students struggle with today?

## What bugs, issues, or surprises have come up in the past for this class?

## General comments

## Lecture

## Code skeleton

## Whiteboard diagrams

Commit message:

Adds daily plan item and note in FACILITATOR.md to introduce code challenge topic at the end of lecture each day (#232)

curriculum/09-sql-continued/FACILITATOR.md, after:

# Class 09: Persistence with a SQL database, continued

## Overview

Today will likely be a catch-up day as students continue to persist their API results in their databases. You can expect most students to have their database functioning locally and storing records, but they may not have completed the logic to conditionally retrieve the database results or request the data from the API, if it has not yet been stored in the database.

Today is a good day for group discussions on how to approach the remaining feature tasks from lab 8, if students have not completed all of them by the time lecture begins. It is also a good opportunity for a group debugging session. Select a volunteer to present their code on the screen and allow the rest of the class to help navigate the student(s) to debug their code base. Your role in this process is to ensure that students take turns making suggestions without speaking over each other, but you should not be leading the navigation of this process.

Today's lecture will likely involve continued discussion of data modeling, joins, and primary and foreign keys. There is no formal lab assignment where students are asked to write joins (although there ia stretch goal in lab 13). However, they should still be familiar with the syntax to write a join and understand when and why they would use joins in a real-world setting.

## How do I prep for today?

- Prepare a 10-15 demonstration to introduce the topic of today's code challenges.

## What changed from the previous class?

## What might students struggle with today?

## What bugs, issues, or surprises have come up in the past for this class?

## General comments

Students will follow the same pattern from lab 8 to retrieve data from the Meetup API and the Hiking Project API.

## Lecture

## Code skeleton

## Whiteboard diagrams
