curriculum/09-sql-continued/LAB.md, before:

# Lab 09: Persistence with a SQL database, continued

## Resources

[SQL Syntax Cheatsheet](./cheatsheets/sql.md)

[PostgreSQL Shell Cheatsheet](./cheatsheets/postgres-shell.md)

[PostgreSQL Docs](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/)

[Meetup API Docs](https://www.meetup.com/meetup_api/)

[Hiking Project API Docs](https://www.hikingproject.com/data)

## Configuration

- `.env` - with your PORT and API keys. Make sure this file is in your `.gitignore` so your keys are not pushed to GitHub.
- `README.md` - with documentation regarding your lab and it's current state of development. Check the "documentation" section below for more details on how that should look **AT MINIMUM**
- `.gitignore` - with standard NodeJS configurations
- `.eslintrc.json` - with Code 301 course standards for the linter
- `package.json` - with all dependencies and any associated details related to configuration
- Note that the `package-lock.json` file is automatically created when dependencies are installed and ensures that future installations of the project use the same versions of the dependencies.

```sh
lab-09-repository
   ├── .env
   ├── .eslintrc.json
   ├── .gitignore
   ├── package-lock.json
   ├── package.json
   ├── schema.sql
   └── server.js
```

## User Acceptance Tests

### Overview

For this lab assignment, you will use the latitude and longitude to request information about meetups hosted in the area and hiking trails and campgrounds near the location.

### Repository set-up

- One person from your group should create a new repository on GitHub called `lab-09-back-end`. Add your partner(s) as collaborator(s). Clone your repository.
- Follow the same code review process as lab 8.

### Heroku Deployment

- Once your app is functioning correctly on your master branch, deploy your back end to Heroku in the same manner as labs 6, 7, and 8. Create a new Heroku instance with your new partner(s) today. Your deployed site **should not** contain any broken functionality. 
- You will also need to provision a SQL database on Heroku, as you did in lab 8
- As you continue to work on features, make sure to check out your master branch and pull the changes after each pull request is merged. Then, create a new branch from your master branch and continue working. You may now begin your feature tasks for lab 9.

### Feature #1: Retrieve Meetup information

#### Why are we implementing this feature?

- As a user, I want to request information about meetups in the area so that users can learn about the events taking place in the location.

#### What are we going to implement?

Given that a user enters a valid location in the input  
When the user clicks the "Explore!" button   
Then the first twenty Meetups hosted in the area will be displayed in the browser  

#### How are we implementing it?

- Create a route with a method of `get` and a path of `/meetups`. The callback should make a Superagent-proxied request to the Meetup API using the necessary location information.
- Create a corresponding constructor function for the result.
- For each meetup of the result, return an object which contains the necessary information for correct client rendering. See the sample response, below.
- Add the appropriate logic to store this response in a table and the ability to check the database upon subsequent requests. Update your schemas.
- Use your existing error handler function.
- Redeploy your application.

Endpoint:
`/meetups`

Example Response:
```json
[
  {
    "link": "https://www.meetup.com/seattlejshackers/events/253823797/",
    "name": "SeattleJS Hackers",
    "creation_date": "Wed Apr 23 2014",
    "host": "Hackers"
  },
  {
    "link": "https://www.meetup.com/Angular-Seattle/events/253595182/",
    "name": "Angular Seattle",
    "creation_date": "Tue May 09 2017",
    "host": "Angulars"
  },
  ...
]
```

### Feature #2: Retrieve trail information

#### Why are we implementing this feature?

- As a user, I want to request information about trails and campgrounds in the area so that users can explore the location.

#### What are we going to implement?

Given that a user enters a valid location in the input  
When the user clicks the "Explore!" button  
Then the first ten hikes and campgrounds in the area will be displayed in the browser   

#### How are we implementing it?

- Create a route with a method of `get` and a path of `/trails`. The callback should make a Superagent-proxied request to the Hiking Project API using the necessary location information.
- Create a corresponding constructor function for the result.
- For each trail of the result, return an object which contains the necessary information for correct client rendering. See the sample response, below.
- Add the appropriate logic to store this response in a table and the ability to check the database upon subsequent requests. Update your schemas.
- Use your existing error handler function.
- Redeploy your application.

Endpoint:
`/trails`

Example Response:
```json
[
  {
    "name": "Rattlesnake Ledge",
    "location": "Riverbend, Washington",
    "length": "4.3",
    "stars": "4.4",
    "star_votes": "84",
    "summary": "An extremely popular out-and-back hike to the viewpoint on Rattlesnake Ledge.",
    "trail_url": "https://www.hikingproject.com/trail/7021679/rattlesnake-ledge",
    "conditions": "Dry: The trail is clearly marked and well maintained.",
    "condition_date": "2018-07-21",
    "condition_time": "0:00:00 "
  },
  {
    "name": "Mt. Si",
    "location": "Tanner, Washington",
    "length": "6.6",
    "stars": "4.4",
    "star_votes": "72",
    "summary": "A steep, well-maintained trail takes you atop Mt. Si with outrageous views of Puget Sound.",
    "trail_url": "https://www.hikingproject.com/trail/7001016/mt-si",
    "conditions": "Dry",
    "condition_date": "2018-07-22",
    "condition_time": "0:17:22 "
  },
  ...
]
```

## Documentation

_Your `README.md` must include:_

```md
# Project Name

**Author**: Your Name Goes Here
**Version**: 1.0.0 (increment the patch/fix version number if you make more commits past your first submission)

## Overview
<!-- Provide a high level overview of what this application is and why you are building it, beyond the fact that it's an assignment for this class. (i.e. What's your problem domain?) -->

## Getting Started
<!-- What are the steps that a user must take in order to build this app on their own machine and get it running? -->

## Architecture
<!-- Provide a detailed description of the application design. What technologies (languages, libraries, etc) you're using, and any other relevant design information. -->

## Change Log
<!-- Use this area to document the iterative changes made to your application as each feature is successfully implemented. Use time stamps. Here's an examples:

01-01-2001 4:59pm - Application now has a fully-functional express server, with a GET route for the location resource.

## Credits and Collaborations
<!-- Give credit (and a link) to other people or resources that helped you build this application. -->
-->
```

## Submission Instructions

- Complete your Feature Tasks for the day
- Create a Pull Request (PR) back to the `master` branch of your repository
- On Canvas, submit a link to your PR and a link to your deployed application on Heroku. Add a comment in your Canvas assignment which includes the following:
  - A question within the context of today's lab assignment
  - An observation about the lab assignment, or related 'Ah-hah!' moment
  - How long you spent working on this assignment

Commit message:

Updates to classes 8 and 9 for cache invalidation (#223)
* Updates lookup location in demo code and solution code; moves stretch goal to mvp task

* Removes meetups, not needed until lab 9

* Removes extra line

* Adds cache invalidation to demo code, solution code, and lab instructions; updates schema.sql

curriculum/09-sql-continued/LAB.md, after:

# Lab 09: Persistence with a SQL database, continued

## Resources

[SQL Syntax Cheatsheet](./cheatsheets/sql.md)

[PostgreSQL Shell Cheatsheet](./cheatsheets/postgres-shell.md)

[PostgreSQL Docs](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/)

[Meetup API Docs](https://www.meetup.com/meetup_api/)

[Hiking Project API Docs](https://www.hikingproject.com/data)

## Configuration

- `.env` - with your PORT and API keys. Make sure this file is in your `.gitignore` so your keys are not pushed to GitHub.
- `README.md` - with documentation regarding your lab and it's current state of development. Check the "documentation" section below for more details on how that should look **AT MINIMUM**
- `.gitignore` - with standard NodeJS configurations
- `.eslintrc.json` - with Code 301 course standards for the linter
- `package.json` - with all dependencies and any associated details related to configuration
- Note that the `package-lock.json` file is automatically created when dependencies are installed and ensures that future installations of the project use the same versions of the dependencies.

```sh
lab-09-repository
   ├── .env
   ├── .eslintrc.json
   ├── .gitignore
   ├── package-lock.json
   ├── package.json
   ├── schema.sql
   └── server.js
```

## User Acceptance Tests

### Overview

For this lab assignment, you will use the latitude and longitude to request information about meetups hosted in the area and hiking trails and campgrounds near the location.

### Repository set-up

- One person from your group should create a new repository on GitHub called `lab-09-back-end`. Add your partner(s) as collaborator(s). Clone your repository.
- Follow the same code review process as lab 8.

### Heroku Deployment

- Once your app is functioning correctly on your master branch, deploy your back end to Heroku in the same manner as labs 6, 7, and 8. Create a new Heroku instance with your new partner(s) today. Your deployed site **should not** contain any broken functionality. 
- You will also need to provision a SQL database on Heroku, as you did in lab 8
- As you continue to work on features, make sure to check out your master branch and pull the changes after each pull request is merged. Then, create a new branch from your master branch and continue working. You may now begin your feature tasks for lab 9.

### Feature #1: Retrieve Meetup information

#### Why are we implementing this feature?

- As a user, I want to request information about meetups in the area so that users can learn about the events taking place in the location.

#### What are we going to implement?

Given that a user enters a valid location in the input  
When the user clicks the "Explore!" button   
Then the first twenty Meetups hosted in the area will be displayed in the browser  

#### How are we implementing it?

- Create a route with a method of `get` and a path of `/meetups`. The callback should make a Superagent-proxied request to the Meetup API using the necessary location information.
- Create a corresponding constructor function for the result.
- For each meetup of the result, return an object which contains the necessary information for correct client rendering. See the sample response, below.
- This model should use the same lookup function as your other models.
- Use your existing error handler function.
- Redeploy your application.

Endpoint:
`/meetups`

Example Response:
```json
[
  {
    "link": "https://www.meetup.com/seattlejshackers/events/253823797/",
    "name": "SeattleJS Hackers",
    "creation_date": "Wed Apr 23 2014",
    "host": "Hackers"
  },
  {
    "link": "https://www.meetup.com/Angular-Seattle/events/253595182/",
    "name": "Angular Seattle",
    "creation_date": "Tue May 09 2017",
    "host": "Angulars"
  },
  ...
]
```

### Feature #2: Retrieve trail information

#### Why are we implementing this feature?

- As a user, I want to request information about trails and campgrounds in the area so that users can explore the location.

#### What are we going to implement?

Given that a user enters a valid location in the input  
When the user clicks the "Explore!" button  
Then the first ten hikes and campgrounds in the area will be displayed in the browser   

#### How are we implementing it?

- Create a route with a method of `get` and a path of `/trails`. The callback should make a Superagent-proxied request to the Hiking Project API using the necessary location information.
- Create a corresponding constructor function for the result.
- For each trail of the result, return an object which contains the necessary information for correct client rendering. See the sample response, below.
- This model should use the same lookup function as your other models.
- Use your existing error handler function.
- Redeploy your application.

Endpoint:
`/trails`

Example Response:
```json
[
  {
    "name": "Rattlesnake Ledge",
    "location": "Riverbend, Washington",
    "length": "4.3",
    "stars": "4.4",
    "star_votes": "84",
    "summary": "An extremely popular out-and-back hike to the viewpoint on Rattlesnake Ledge.",
    "trail_url": "https://www.hikingproject.com/trail/7021679/rattlesnake-ledge",
    "conditions": "Dry: The trail is clearly marked and well maintained.",
    "condition_date": "2018-07-21",
    "condition_time": "0:00:00 "
  },
  {
    "name": "Mt. Si",
    "location": "Tanner, Washington",
    "length": "6.6",
    "stars": "4.4",
    "star_votes": "72",
    "summary": "A steep, well-maintained trail takes you atop Mt. Si with outrageous views of Puget Sound.",
    "trail_url": "https://www.hikingproject.com/trail/7001016/mt-si",
    "conditions": "Dry",
    "condition_date": "2018-07-22",
    "condition_time": "0:17:22 "
  },
  ...
]
```

### Feature #3: Cache invalidation

#### Why are we implementing this feature?

- As a user, I want to view up-to-date information so that I receive accurate details.

#### What are we going to implement?

Given that a user enters a valid location in the input  
When the user clicks the "Explore!" button  
Then the most recent data will be displayed in the browser   

#### How are we implementing it?

- Update each model to include a new property to keep track of when the record was added to the database. Drop your tables and re-create them to include this new property. Update the save function for each model.
- Create a dynamic function to delete records from a specific table. This function should be shared by all of your models.
- For each model, refactor the function that is invoked if the records exist in the database in the following manner:
  - This function should now include the necessary logic to determine how long ago the records were created and stored.
  - For each model, decide how long each table's records should be stored. These durations should be based on the data each API provides. Some data should be stored for a shorter period of time, while others will not change as frequently.
  - If the records exceed this amount of time, remove only the records that correspond to the user's search query, while leaving the records from other search queries as-is. Request a new set of data from the API.
  - If the records do not exceed this amount of time, send the records in your response to the client.

## Documentation

_Your `README.md` must include:_

```md
# Project Name

**Author**: Your Name Goes Here
**Version**: 1.0.0 (increment the patch/fix version number if you make more commits past your first submission)

## Overview
<!-- Provide a high level overview of what this application is and why you are building it, beyond the fact that it's an assignment for this class. (i.e. What's your problem domain?) -->

## Getting Started
<!-- What are the steps that a user must take in order to build this app on their own machine and get it running? -->

## Architecture
<!-- Provide a detailed description of the application design. What technologies (languages, libraries, etc) you're using, and any other relevant design information. -->

## Change Log
<!-- Use this area to document the iterative changes made to your application as each feature is successfully implemented. Use time stamps. Here's an examples:

01-01-2001 4:59pm - Application now has a fully-functional express server, with a GET route for the location resource.

## Credits and Collaborations
<!-- Give credit (and a link) to other people or resources that helped you build this application. -->
-->
```

## Submission Instructions

- Complete your Feature Tasks for the day
- Create a Pull Request (PR) back to the `master` branch of your repository
- On Canvas, submit a link to your PR and a link to your deployed application on Heroku. Add a comment in your Canvas assignment which includes the following:
  - A question within the context of today's lab assignment
  - An observation about the lab assignment, or related 'Ah-hah!' moment
  - How long you spent working on this assignment
