curriculum/04-RWD-RegEx/FACILITATOR.md, before:

# Class 04: Responsive Web Design and Regular Expressions  

## Overview

Today's class is a combination of more CSS topics and an introduction to regular expressions. This is the first of two days where regular expressions will be covered, so keep the demo to the basics and show multiple examples. The additional pattern matching lecture occurs in class 14, with corresponding code challenges.

There are several tools students should bookmark for reference when practicing pattern matching with regular expressions; they are listed in the readings for today's class. Use these tools when introducing regular expressions.

## How do I prep for today?

- Prepare a demo on CSS grids.
- Prepare a demo on regular expressions. This can be delivered using an online RegEx tool. If time allows, demonstration how to create a fuzzy search in the photo gallery solution code to search for images by matching keywords.
- Review the starter code for the portfolio assignment. Students can fire this up in the browser using `live-server` or you can point them to the source at [HTML5 UP](https://html5up.net/prologue).

## What changed from the previous class?

## What might students struggle with today?

## What bugs, issues, or surprises have come up in the past for this class?

## General comments

## Lecture

## Whiteboard diagrams

Commit message:

Adds daily plan item and note in FACILITATOR.md to introduce code challenge topic at the end of lecture each day (#232)

curriculum/04-RWD-RegEx/FACILITATOR.md, after:

# Class 04: Responsive Web Design and Regular Expressions  

## Overview

Today's class is a combination of more CSS topics and an introduction to regular expressions. This is the first of two days where regular expressions will be covered, so keep the demo to the basics and show multiple examples. The additional pattern matching lecture occurs in class 14, with corresponding code challenges.

There are several tools students should bookmark for reference when practicing pattern matching with regular expressions; they are listed in the readings for today's class. Use these tools when introducing regular expressions.

## How do I prep for today?

- Prepare a demo on CSS grids.
- Prepare a demo on regular expressions. This can be delivered using an online RegEx tool. If time allows, demonstration how to create a fuzzy search in the photo gallery solution code to search for images by matching keywords.
- Review the starter code for the portfolio assignment. Students can fire this up in the browser using `live-server` or you can point them to the source at [HTML5 UP](https://html5up.net/prologue).
- Prepare a 10-15 demonstration to introduce the topic of today's code challenges.

## What changed from the previous class?

## What might students struggle with today?

## What bugs, issues, or surprises have come up in the past for this class?

## General comments

## Lecture

## Whiteboard diagrams
