curriculum/03/warm-up/warm-up.md, before:

```
<!-- Python sample -->
DOCTORS = [
    {'number': 1, 'actor': 'William Hartnell', 'begin': 1963, 'end': 1966},
    {'number': 2, 'actor': 'Patrick Troughton', 'begin': 1966, 'end': 1969},
    {'number': 3, 'actor': 'Jon Pertwee', 'begin': 1970, 'end': 1974},
    {'number': 4, 'actor': 'Tom Baker', 'begin': 1974, 'end': 1981},
    {'number': 5, 'actor': 'Peter Davison', 'begin': 1982, 'end': 1984},
    {'number': 6, 'actor': 'Colin Baker', 'begin': 1984, 'end': 1986},
    {'number': 7, 'actor': 'Sylvester McCoy', 'begin': 1987, 'end': 1989},
    {'number': 8, 'actor': 'Paul McGann', 'begin': 1996, 'end': 1996},
    {'number': 9, 'actor': 'Christopher Eccleston', 'begin': 2005, 'end': 2005},
    {'number': 10, 'actor': 'David Tennant', 'begin': 2005, 'end': 2010},
    {'number': 11, 'actor': 'Matt Smith', 'begin': 2010, 'end': 2013},
    {'number': 12, 'actor': 'Peter Capaldi', 'begin': 2013, 'end': 2013},
    {'number': 13, 'actor': 'Jodie Whittaker', 'begin': 2017, 'end': 2018},
]

def get_names():
    for doc in DOCTORS:
        print(doc['actor'])
        
get_names()


def get_number(doctors):
       return len(doctors)
    
get_number(DOCTORS)
```

Commit message:

Updates wording for warm-up exercises in other programming languages

curriculum/03/warm-up/warm-up.md, after:

# Warm-Up Exercise
This code sample is written in Python. Read through the code and determine the output for each function.

```
DOCTORS = [
    {'number': 1, 'actor': 'William Hartnell', 'begin': 1963, 'end': 1966},
    {'number': 2, 'actor': 'Patrick Troughton', 'begin': 1966, 'end': 1969},
    {'number': 3, 'actor': 'Jon Pertwee', 'begin': 1970, 'end': 1974},
    {'number': 4, 'actor': 'Tom Baker', 'begin': 1974, 'end': 1981},
    {'number': 5, 'actor': 'Peter Davison', 'begin': 1982, 'end': 1984},
    {'number': 6, 'actor': 'Colin Baker', 'begin': 1984, 'end': 1986},
    {'number': 7, 'actor': 'Sylvester McCoy', 'begin': 1987, 'end': 1989},
    {'number': 8, 'actor': 'Paul McGann', 'begin': 1996, 'end': 1996},
    {'number': 9, 'actor': 'Christopher Eccleston', 'begin': 2005, 'end': 2005},
    {'number': 10, 'actor': 'David Tennant', 'begin': 2005, 'end': 2010},
    {'number': 11, 'actor': 'Matt Smith', 'begin': 2010, 'end': 2013},
    {'number': 12, 'actor': 'Peter Capaldi', 'begin': 2013, 'end': 2013},
    {'number': 13, 'actor': 'Jodie Whittaker', 'begin': 2017, 'end': 2018},
]

def get_names():
    for doc in DOCTORS:
        print(doc['actor'])
        
get_names()


def get_number(doctors):
       return len(doctors)
    
get_number(DOCTORS)
```
