curriculum/06/LAB.md, before:

![CF](https://i.imgur.com/7v5ASc8.png)

## Code Challenge

## Submission Instructions

- Complete your Feature Tasks for the day (below)
- Create a Pull Request (PR) back to the `master` branch of your repository
- On Canvas, submit a link to your PR and a link to your deployed application on Heroku. **Make sure to include the following:**
  - A question within the context of today's lab assignment
  - An observation about the lab assignment, or related 'Ah-hah!' moment
  - How long you spent working on this assignment

## Resources

[Node JS Docs](https://nodejs.org/en/)

[NPM JS Docs](https://docs.npmjs.com/)

[Express JS Docs](http://expressjs.com/en/4x/api.html)

[Superagent Docs](https://visionmedia.github.io/superagent/)

[Dotenv Docs](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv)

## Configuration

- `.env` - with your PORT and API keys. Make sure this file is included in your `.gitignore`!
- `README.md` - with documentation regarding your lab and it's current state of development. Check the "documentation" section below for more details on how that should look **AT MINIMUM**
- `.gitignore` - with standard NodeJS configurations
- `.eslintrc.json` - with Code 301 course standards for the linter
- `package.json` - with all dependencies and any associated details related to configuration
- Note that the `package-lock.json` file is automatically created when dependencies are installed and ensures that future installations of the project use the same versions of the dependencies.

```sh
lab-06-repository
   ├── .env
   ├── .eslintrc.json
   ├── .gitignore
   ├── package-lock.json
   ├── package.json
   └── server.js
```

## User Stories and Feature Tasks

#### Overview

This week, you will be building a stand-alone back end which will interact with a static front end. Working with a new partner each day, you will request data from a total of six third-party APIs, modify the data as needed, and send the data to the client to be displayed in the browser. You will also be persisting data in a SQL database.

Every day, you and your partner(s) will deploy your back end to Heroku.

You will have access to view the code base for the client, but will not be able to modify it in any way.

Repository set-up: 
- One person from your group should create a new repository on GitHub called `lab-06-back-end`. Add your partner(s) as collaborator(s).
- From this point on, work on semantically-named non-master branches. Once your app is functioning correctly on your branch, make a PR to master and confirm functionality on your deployed site. Your deployed site **should not** contain any broken functionality.

Heroku deployoment:
- One person from your group should create an instance on Heroku. Refer to lecture 5 for a reminder on the steps, if needed.
- From the Heroku dashboard, select your instance. In the Settings tab, click on the "Reveal Config Vars" button. Enter your API keys.
- In the Deploy tab, connect your instance to your repository and enable automatic deploys from your master branch. Deploy your application and make sure there are no errors. 

*1. As a user, I want to store my API keys in a secure way so that they are protected from others.*
- Create a `.env` file and enter your API keys. Make sure this file is in your `.gitignore` so your keys are not pushed to GitHub.

*2. As a user, I want to translate the search query into latitude and longitude so that I can use the same query to request data from other APIs.*
- Create a route with a method of `get` and a path of `/location`. The route callback should invoke a function to convert the search query to a latitude and longitude. The function should make a Superagnet-proxied request to the Google Maps Geocoding API. The callback should then send the response to the client.
- Confirm that your route is responding as expected by entering your deployed backend URL in the static client, then searching for a location.
- Redeploy your application.

*3. As a user, I want to request current weather information so that users can see the forecast based on the search query.*
- Create a route with a method of `get` and a path of `/weather`. The callback should make a Superagent-proxied request to the Dark Sky API using the latitude and longitude. 
- For each day of the result, return an object which contins the necessary information for correct client rendering. Store these objects together and send them as the response to the client.

*4. As a user, I want to respond to erroneous requests so that I can make sure to access the correct data.*
- Create a function to handle errors and send a status of 500 to the client.

## Documentation

_Your `README.md` must include:_

```md
# Project Name

**Author**: Your Name Goes Here
**Version**: 1.0.0 (increment the patch/fix version number if you make more commits past your first submission)

## Overview
<!-- Provide a high level overview of what this application is and why you are building it, beyond the fact that it's an assignment for a Code Fellows 301 class. (i.e. What's your problem domain?) -->

## Getting Started
<!-- What are the steps that a user must take in order to build this app on their own machine and get it running? -->

## Architecture
<!-- Provide a detailed description of the application design. What technologies (languages, libraries, etc) you're using, and any other relevant design information. -->

## Change Log
<!-- Use this area to document the iterative changes made to your application as each feature is successfully implemented. Use time stamps. Here's an examples:

01-01-2001 4:59pm - Application now has a fully-functional express server, with GET and POST routes for the book resource.

## Credits and Collaborations
<!-- Give credit (and a link) to other people or resources that helped you build this application. -->
-->
```

Commit message:

Adds geocoding API docs and Dark Sky API docs

curriculum/06/LAB.md, after:

![CF](https://i.imgur.com/7v5ASc8.png) Class 06: Node, npm, Express, and APIs

## Code Challenge

## Submission Instructions

- Complete your Feature Tasks for the day (below)
- Create a Pull Request (PR) back to the `master` branch of your repository
- On Canvas, submit a link to your PR and a link to your deployed application on Heroku. **Make sure to include the following:**
  - A question within the context of today's lab assignment
  - An observation about the lab assignment, or related 'Ah-hah!' moment
  - How long you spent working on this assignment

## Resources

[Node JS Docs](https://nodejs.org/en/)

[NPM JS Docs](https://docs.npmjs.com/)

[Express JS Docs](http://expressjs.com/en/4x/api.html)

[Superagent Docs](https://visionmedia.github.io/superagent/)

[Dotenv Docs](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv)

[Google Geocoding API Docs](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/geocoding/start)

[Dark Sky API Docs](https://darksky.net/dev/docs)

## Configuration

- `.env` - with your PORT and API keys. Make sure this file is included in your `.gitignore`
- `README.md` - with documentation regarding your lab and it's current state of development. Check the "documentation" section below for more details on how that should look **AT MINIMUM**
- `.gitignore` - with standard NodeJS configurations
- `.eslintrc.json` - with Code 301 course standards for the linter
- `package.json` - with all dependencies and any associated details related to configuration
- Note that the `package-lock.json` file is automatically created when dependencies are installed and ensures that future installations of the project use the same versions of the dependencies.

```sh
lab-06-repository
   ├── .env
   ├── .eslintrc.json
   ├── .gitignore
   ├── package-lock.json
   ├── package.json
   └── server.js
```

## User Stories and Feature Tasks

#### Overview

This week, you will be building a stand-alone back end which will interact with a static front end. Working with a new partner each day, you will request data from a total of six third-party APIs, modify the data as needed, and send the data to the client to be displayed in the browser. You will also be persisting data in a SQL database.

Every day, you and your partner(s) will deploy your back end to Heroku.

You will have access to view the code base for the client, but will not be able to modify it in any way.

Repository set-up: 
- One person from your group should create a new repository on GitHub called `lab-06-back-end`. Add your partner(s) as collaborator(s).
- From this point on, work on semantically-named non-master branches. Once your app is functioning correctly on your branch, make a PR to master and confirm functionality on your deployed site. Your deployed site **should not** contain any broken functionality.

Heroku deployoment:
- One person from your group should create an instance on Heroku. Refer to lecture 5 for a reminder on the steps, if needed.
- From the Heroku dashboard, select your instance. In the Settings tab, click on the "Reveal Config Vars" button. Enter your API keys.
- In the Deploy tab, connect your instance to your repository and enable automatic deploys from your master branch. Deploy your application and make sure there are no errors. 

*1. As a user, I want to store my API keys in a secure way so that they are protected from others.*
- Create a `.env` file and enter your API keys. Make sure this file is in your `.gitignore` so your keys are not pushed to GitHub.

*2. As a user, I want to translate the search query into latitude and longitude so that I can use the same query to request data from other APIs.*
- Create a route with a method of `get` and a path of `/location`. The route callback should invoke a function to convert the search query to a latitude and longitude. The function should make a Superagnet-proxied request to the Google Maps Geocoding API. The callback should then send the response to the client.
- Confirm that your route is responding as expected by entering your deployed backend URL in the static client, then searching for a location.
- Redeploy your application.

*3. As a user, I want to request current weather information so that users can see the forecast based on the search query.*
- Create a route with a method of `get` and a path of `/weather`. The callback should make a Superagent-proxied request to the Dark Sky API using the latitude and longitude. 
- For each day of the result, return an object which contins the necessary information for correct client rendering. Store these objects together and send them as the response to the client.

*4. As a user, I want to respond to erroneous requests so that I can make sure to access the correct data.*
- Create a function to handle errors and send a status of 500 to the client.

## Documentation

_Your `README.md` must include:_

```md
# Project Name

**Author**: Your Name Goes Here
**Version**: 1.0.0 (increment the patch/fix version number if you make more commits past your first submission)

## Overview
<!-- Provide a high level overview of what this application is and why you are building it, beyond the fact that it's an assignment for a Code Fellows 301 class. (i.e. What's your problem domain?) -->

## Getting Started
<!-- What are the steps that a user must take in order to build this app on their own machine and get it running? -->

## Architecture
<!-- Provide a detailed description of the application design. What technologies (languages, libraries, etc) you're using, and any other relevant design information. -->

## Change Log
<!-- Use this area to document the iterative changes made to your application as each feature is successfully implemented. Use time stamps. Here's an examples:

01-01-2001 4:59pm - Application now has a fully-functional express server, with GET and POST routes for the book resource.

## Credits and Collaborations
<!-- Give credit (and a link) to other people or resources that helped you build this application. -->
-->
```
