curriculum/15/DISCUSSION.md, before:

# Readings

- Essential: [Review the data: Employee breakdown of key technology companies](https://informationisbeautiful.net/visualizations/diversity-in-tech/){:target="_blank"}
- Essential: [Consider the history: Silicon Valley's gender gap is the result of computer-game marketing 20 years ago](https://qz.com/911737/silicon-valleys-gender-gap-is-the-result-of-computer-game-marketing-20-years-ago/){:target="_blank"}
- Essential: [Ask the question: Why diversity matters to your tech company](https://www.usatoday.com/story/tech/columnist/2015/07/21/why-diversity-matters-your-tech-company/30419871/){:target="_blank"}

## Discuss

Reply to this discussion with a quiz question to test your classmates’ knowledge of the readings. Alternatively, if you found yourself curious or found a topic unclear, ask a question to further your own knowledge. Then review your classmates' responses and answer one of their questions. If you are the first student to post a question, you do not need to go back and answer a question.

Commit message:

Final project guidelines (#105)
* Adds technical requirements and guidlines for final projects

* Updates discussion prompt for diversity readings and add diversity discussion as an agenda item

* Adds specific final project requirements

curriculum/15/DISCUSSION.md, after:

# Readings

- Essential: [Review the data: Employee breakdown of key technology companies](https://informationisbeautiful.net/visualizations/diversity-in-tech/){:target="_blank"}
- Essential: [Consider the history: Silicon Valley's gender gap is the result of computer-game marketing 20 years ago](https://qz.com/911737/silicon-valleys-gender-gap-is-the-result-of-computer-game-marketing-20-years-ago/){:target="_blank"}
- Essential: [Ask the question: Why diversity matters to your tech company](https://www.usatoday.com/story/tech/columnist/2015/07/21/why-diversity-matters-your-tech-company/30419871/){:target="_blank"}

## Discuss

Reply to this discussion with a takeaway from the readings. Consider how your perception of diversity and inclusion in tech may or may not be accurate based on the data and opinions presented in the readings. Then review your classmates' comments and reply to at least one comment. If you are the first student to respond, you do not need to go back and respond to a classmate's comment.
