curriculum/10-call-stack/challenges/ASSIGNMENT.md, before:

# Code Challenge 10: Chaining Methods

## Overview

Read [this overview.](README.md){:target="_blank"}

## Demonstration

Look through [these sample problems.](demo.js){:target="_blank"}

## Challenges

1. Check out a new branch in your `code-challenges` repository.
1. Make a new directory in the root of your repo named with the challenge for the day.
1. Create a file in this new directory named `challenges-10.test.js`.
1. Copy and paste the **entire content** of today's [code challenge](challenges-10.test.js){:target="_blank"} into the new file.
1. Run `jest challenges-10.test.js` to execute the tests in the file.
1. Write code to make the tests pass, one at a time. Let the error messages guide you.
1. Once the test is passing, refactor as needed, then move on to the next challenge.

## Submission

When you have completed the entire set of code challenges and all tests pass, create a pull request from your current branch to the master branch. Don't merge it yet. 

Submit a link to your pull request. 

After your assignment has been graded, go ahead and merge your pull request, and delete your branch.

Commit message:

Updates assignment to note that there is no overview or demo for the challenges

curriculum/10-call-stack/challenges/ASSIGNMENT.md, after:

# Code Challenge 10: Chaining Methods

## Overview

There is no overview for today's challenges. Review the overviews from previous challenges, if needed.

## Demonstration

There is no demonstration for today's challenges. Review the demos from previous challenges, if needed.

## Challenges

1. Check out a new branch in your `code-challenges` repository.
1. Make a new directory in the root of your repo named with the challenge for the day.
1. Create a file in this new directory named `challenges-10.test.js`.
1. Copy and paste the **entire content** of today's [code challenge](challenges-10.test.js){:target="_blank"} into the new file.
1. Run `jest challenges-10.test.js` to execute the tests in the file.
1. Write code to make the tests pass, one at a time. Let the error messages guide you.
1. Once the test is passing, refactor as needed, then move on to the next challenge.

## Submission

When you have completed the entire set of code challenges and all tests pass, create a pull request from your current branch to the master branch. Don't merge it yet. 

Submit a link to your pull request. 

After your assignment has been graded, go ahead and merge your pull request, and delete your branch.
