curriculum/02-jquery-selectors-events/FACILITATOR.md, before:

# Class 02: jQuery Selectors and Events
 
## Overview

Some of today's topics should be a review from the prework, such as basic jQuery selectors. Show the vanilla JavaScript way to manipulate elements and traverse the DOM, then demonstrate how to accomplish the same thing with jQuery.

Float-based layout should also be a review for those students who have completed Code 201. Remind students that they have learned this content previously and should refresh on the concepts.

jQuery events will likely be the most confusing portion of today's lecture. Discuss delegation and encourage students to utilize it during lab.

This is the first time students will see User Acceptance Tests in the `LAB.md` files. Spend about ten minutes discussing UAT when discussing the lab assignment towards the end of lecture.

## How do I prep for today?

- Prepare a demo on jQuery events, or use the events/delegation demo in the class 02 folder.
- Review the solution code for lab today and demonstrate how to read a JSON file with AJAX. 
- Note that the solution code intentionally uses `$.get()` instead of `$.getJSON()`, so be sure to discuss the differences between the two.
- Note that the solution code includes the stretch goal to sort the images. Do not demonstrate this functionality in lecture 2 or in code review during lecture 3 as it is a requirement for lab 3.
- Assign students into pairs. They will work with the same partner for labs 2 and 3.

## What changed from the previous class?

## What might students struggle with today?

- Populating the filters without duplicates
- Copying the HTML template and filling in each property from the images

## What bugs, issues, or surprises have come up in the past for this class?

## General comments

## Lecture

## Code skeleton

## Whiteboard diagrams

Commit message:

Adds daily plan item and note in FACILITATOR.md to introduce code challenge topic at the end of lecture each day (#232)

curriculum/02-jquery-selectors-events/FACILITATOR.md, after:

# Class 02: jQuery Selectors and Events
 
## Overview

Some of today's topics should be a review from the prework, such as basic jQuery selectors. Show the vanilla JavaScript way to manipulate elements and traverse the DOM, then demonstrate how to accomplish the same thing with jQuery.

Float-based layout should also be a review for those students who have completed Code 201. Remind students that they have learned this content previously and should refresh on the concepts.

jQuery events will likely be the most confusing portion of today's lecture. Discuss delegation and encourage students to utilize it during lab.

This is the first time students will see User Acceptance Tests in the `LAB.md` files. Spend about ten minutes discussing UAT when discussing the lab assignment towards the end of lecture.

## How do I prep for today?

- Prepare a demo on jQuery events, or use the events/delegation demo in the class 02 folder.
- Review the solution code for lab today and demonstrate how to read a JSON file with AJAX. 
- Note that the solution code intentionally uses `$.get()` instead of `$.getJSON()`, so be sure to discuss the differences between the two.
- Note that the solution code includes the stretch goal to sort the images. Do not demonstrate this functionality in lecture 2 or in code review during lecture 3 as it is a requirement for lab 3.
- Prepare a 10-15 demonstration to introduce the topic of today's code challenges.
- Assign students into pairs. They will work with the same partner for labs 2 and 3.

## What changed from the previous class?

## What might students struggle with today?

- Populating the filters without duplicates
- Copying the HTML template and filling in each property from the images

## What bugs, issues, or surprises have come up in the past for this class?

## General comments

## Lecture

## Code skeleton

## Whiteboard diagrams
