curriculum/03-flexbox-templating/FACILITATOR.md, before:

Class 03: Flexbox and templating 

## Overview

Today will introduce several concepts which will lead to several refactors of the lab assignment. For example, students will style their applications using Flexbox and will render their images using Handlebars.

## How do I prep for today?

- Remind students that they will work with the same partner for labs 2 and 3.
- Prepare a demo to show how to refactor their lab code using Handlebars.
- Prepare a demo on Flexbox.
- Prepare a 10-15 demonstration to introduce the topic of today's code challenges.

## What changed from the previous class?

- Students will use Flexbox instead of floats for styling.
- Students will use Handlebars to render their images.
- There is a second set of images in another JSON file.

## What might students struggle with today?

- Sorting the elements
- Detail view
- How to populate unique filters for each page

## What bugs, issues, or surprises have come up in the past for this class?

## General comments

## Lecture

## Code skeleton

## Whiteboard diagrams

Commit message:

Minor updates to week 1 (#244)
* Updating topics for class 1

* Updating topics for class 1

* Removes unneeded challenge.js file

* Adds Handlebars demo to class 03 materials

* Adding CSS Tricks article to class 03 readings

* Corrects the number of horns on a chameleon

* Moves sort to lab 3, moves popup to stretch goal

* Adds Flexbox prediction demo and note to facilitator

* Fleshes out deployment workshop details

curriculum/03-flexbox-templating/FACILITATOR.md, after:

Class 03: Flexbox and templating 

## Overview

Today will introduce several concepts which will lead to several refactors of the lab assignment. For example, students will style their applications using Flexbox and will render their images using Handlebars.

Evaulate students' understanding of Flexbox by showing them the demo, either in the browser or in a tool like [Code Pen](https://codepen.io/) and ask them to predict the output on the screen by evaulating only the HTML and CSS. This is an exercise that students can spend a few minutes making predictions and drawing the outcome on paper, similar to the warm-up exercises, prior to seeing the solution.

## How do I prep for today?

- Remind students that they will work with the same partner for labs 2 and 3.
- Prepare a demo to show how to refactor their lab code using Handlebars.
- Prepare a demo on Flexbox.
- Prepare a 10-15 demonstration to introduce the topic of today's code challenges.

## What changed from the previous class?

- Students will use Flexbox instead of floats for styling.
- Students will use Handlebars to render their images.
- There is a second set of images in another JSON file.

## What might students struggle with today?

- Sorting the elements
- Detail view
- How to populate unique filters for each page

## What bugs, issues, or surprises have come up in the past for this class?

## General comments

## Lecture

## Code skeleton

## Whiteboard diagrams
