curriculum/01-smacss-media-queries/FACILITATOR.md, before:

Class 01: SMACSS and Responsive Web Design

## Overview

Students who completed Code 201 should have a fundamental understanding of float-based layouts. The corresponding lab assignment will have students working with floats in conjunction with media queries. Emphasize that each box should have a unique color in each view, so a total of 18 unique colors. The wireframes are intentionally greyscale to allow students to decide what colors to use. Introduce students to collections of color schemes [like this one](https://www.canva.com/learn/website-color-schemes/), which can be helpful for those who do not consider themselves creative. 

Students will complete this lab for a second time as part of the lab 5 assignment. The second pass-through will require students to use Flexbox. For courses running afternoon lectures in the day track, this lab will be published and completed on Monday morning prior to lecture 6. 

## How do I prep for today?

Review float-based layout and read through the requirements for the lab assignment.

## What changed from the previous class?

N/A

## What might students struggle with today?

A lot of students do not consider themselves strong in CSS, so provide encouragement to those who need it.

## What bugs, issues, or surprises have come up in the past for this class?

## General comments

## Lecture

Commit message:

Adding details about daily challenges, warm-ups, and deployment

curriculum/01-smacss-media-queries/FACILITATOR.md, after:

Class 01: SMACSS and Responsive Web Design

## Overview

There are several components to the daily 301 schedule:
- Each lecture should begin with a warm-up challenge.
  - With the exception of class 01, there is a warm-up folder for each day. The warm-up folder includes the `warm-up.md` for students to review in class and the `NOTES.md` which contains internal notes for the instructor.
  - Plan to spend approximately 15 minutes at the beginning of class on these challenges. Students should have their laptop lids closed and may work independently or with a nearby classmate.
  - In some classes, students will be asked to predict the outcome. 
  - In some classes, students will be asked to find all the bugs in the code and how to fix them.
  - In some classes, students will view samples of code written in Java, Python, or C# and be asked to determine what they think the code is doing.
- Students will complete a set of code challenges each day. 
  - With the exception of class 15, which is focused on final project kickoff, students will be working through a set of code challenges. Each set focuses on a string, array, or object method. The goal of these challenges is to help students feel comfortable and competent working with built-in data manipulation methods. 
  - The corresponding Canvas assignment is sourced from the `challenges/ASSIGNMENT.md` file for each day. This file links out to the demo code in `DEMO.md`, overview in `README.md`, and the Shred Talks playlist (https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLVngfM2hsbi-L6G8qlWd8RyRbuTamHt3k).
  - Briefly discuss test-driven development and inform students that they will write their own tests in 401. 
  - During lecture on the first day, walk through the workflow for students to complete a challenge. Begin by running the tests and verifying that they all fail at first. Complete one challenge live in front of students and run the tests again, showing that one will pass.
  - Students should be encouraged to add, commit, and push as each test passes.
  - The challenges should take approximately 2-3 hours for students to complete. They shoudl begin working on these challenges at the end of lecture and continue into the evening as needed.

The 301 schedule with afternoon lectures is a big mindset shift for students who took 201 with morning lectures. Remind students that they should be flexible and consider the afternoon lecture schedule as a way to prepare them for their future jobs. Their boss could approach them with a task and ask for it to be completed by 2 p.m. 

Students who completed Code 201 should have a fundamental understanding of float-based layouts. The corresponding lab assignment will have students working with floats in conjunction with media queries. Emphasize that each box should have a unique color in each view, so a total of 18 unique colors. The wireframes are intentionally greyscale to allow students to decide what colors to use. Introduce students to collections of color schemes [like this one](https://www.canva.com/learn/website-color-schemes/), which can be helpful for those who do not consider themselves creative. 

Students will complete this lab for a second time as part of the lab 5 assignment. The second pass-through will require students to use Flexbox. For courses running afternoon lectures in the day track, this lab will be published and completed on Monday morning prior to lecture 6. 

## How do I prep for today?

Review float-based layout and read through the requirements for the lab assignment.

## What changed from the previous class?

N/A

## What might students struggle with today?

A lot of students do not consider themselves strong in CSS, so provide encouragement to those who need it.

## What bugs, issues, or surprises have come up in the past for this class?

## General comments

## Lecture
