curriculum/08-sql-postgres/FACILITATOR.md, before:

# Class 08: Persistence with a SQL database

## Overview

Lab 8 adds persistence with a SQL database. This will be the first exposure that students have to any type of database. Discuss database modeling and schemas, as well as data types when creating tables. 

Students will be writing a file called `schema.sql` so demonstrate how to write this type of file and execute it from the command line with the following syntax: `psql -d <database-name> -f <filename>`.
  - For example, `psql -d city_explorer -f schema.sql`

## How do I prep for today?

Review the `schema.sql` file and be prepared to discuss data types, primary keys, and foreign keys. Students will be referencing the primary key in the locations table as the foreign key in all five of the other tables.

## What changed from the previous class?

API results are now being stored in a SQL database. Students will need to create the database and tables locally, as well as provision the free version of Postgres on Heroku. 

## What might students struggle with today?

## What bugs, issues, or surprises have come up in the past for this class?

## General comments

## Lecture

## Code skeleton

## Whiteboard diagrams

Commit message:

Adds daily plan item and note in FACILITATOR.md to introduce code challenge topic at the end of lecture each day (#232)

curriculum/08-sql-postgres/FACILITATOR.md, after:

# Class 08: Persistence with a SQL database

## Overview

Lab 8 adds persistence with a SQL database. This will be the first exposure that students have to any type of database. Discuss database modeling and schemas, as well as data types when creating tables. 

Students will be writing a file called `schema.sql` so demonstrate how to write this type of file and execute it from the command line with the following syntax: `psql -d <database-name> -f <filename>`.
  - For example, `psql -d city_explorer -f schema.sql`

## How do I prep for today?

- Review the `schema.sql` file and be prepared to discuss data types, primary keys, and foreign keys. Students will be referencing the primary key in the locations table as the foreign key in all five of the other tables.
- Prepare a 10-15 demonstration to introduce the topic of today's code challenges.

## What changed from the previous class?

API results are now being stored in a SQL database. Students will need to create the database and tables locally, as well as provision the free version of Postgres on Heroku. 

## What might students struggle with today?

## What bugs, issues, or surprises have come up in the past for this class?

## General comments

## Lecture

## Code skeleton

## Whiteboard diagrams
