curriculum/08-sql-postgres/LAB.md, before:

# Lab 08: Persistence with a SQL database

## Resources

[SQL Syntax Cheatsheet](./cheatsheets/sql.md)

[PostgreSQL Shell Cheatsheet](./cheatsheets/postgres-shell.md)

[PostgreSQL Docs](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/)

## Configuration

- `.env` - with your PORT and API keys. Make sure this file is in your `.gitignore` so your keys are not pushed to GitHub.
- `README.md` - with documentation regarding your lab and it's current state of development. Check the "documentation" section below for more details on how that should look **AT MINIMUM**
- `.gitignore` - with standard NodeJS configurations
- `.eslintrc.json` - with Code 301 course standards for the linter
- `package.json` - with all dependencies and any associated details related to configuration
- Note that the `package-lock.json` file is automatically created when dependencies are installed and ensures that future installations of the project use the same versions of the dependencies.

```sh
lab-08-repository
   ├── .env
   ├── .eslintrc.json
   ├── .gitignore
   ├── package-lock.json
   ├── package.json
   ├── schema.sql
   └── server.js
```

## User Acceptance Tests

### Overview

For this lab assignment, you will use the latitude and longitude to request information about movies filmed in the location and Yelp review for local restaurants.

### Repository set-up

- One person from your group should create a new repository on GitHub called `lab-08-back-end`. Add your partner(s) as collaborator(s). Clone your repository.
- Follow the same code review process as lab 7.

### Heroku Deployment

- Once your app is functioning correctly on your master branch, deploy your back end to Heroku in the same manner as labs 6 and 7. Create a new Heroku instance with your new partner(s) today. Your deployed site **should not** contain any broken functionality. 
- You will also need to provision a SQL database on Heroku. To do so, nagivate to the Resources tab and in the Add-Ons, search for "Postgres" and provision the free version.
- As you continue to work on features, make sure to check out your master branch and pull the changes after each pull request is merged. Then, create a new branch from your master branch and continue working. You may now begin your feature tasks for lab 8.

### Feature #1: Caching data

#### Why are we implementing this feature?

- As a user, I want the application to perform quickly so that I can search for locations frequently and reliably.

#### What are we going to implement?

Given that a user enters a valid location in the input  
When the user clicks the "Explore!" button  
Then the results will be loaded from a SQL database, if previously cached  

Given that a user enters a valid location in the input  
When the user clicks the "Explore!" button  
Then the results will be requested from each individual API, if not previously cached  

Given that a user enters a valid location in the input  
When the user clicks the "Explore!" button  
Then the results will be cached in a SQL database for future retrieval  

Given that a user does not enter a valid location in the input  
When the user clicks the "Explore!" button  
Then the location information will not be displayed  

#### How are we implementing it?

Database set-up:
- Install and require the NPM PostgreSQL package `pg` in your server.js file.
- Add your connection string to your `.env` file as your `DATABASE_URL`.
  - Windows and Linux users: You should have retained the user/password from the pre-work for this course. Your OS may require that your connection string is composed of additional information including user and password. For example: `postgres://USER:PASSWORD@HOST:PORT/DBNAME`;
  - Mac users: `postgres://localhost:5432/DBNAME`;
- Pass the appropriate argument when instantiating a new Client.

Table creation:
- Create a file called `schema.sql` which contains correct SQL queries to drop all of your tables and create them, if they do not already exist. All tables should be created in the same database.
- Execute this file from the command line with the following syntax: `psql -d <database-name> -f <filename>`.
  - For example, `psql -d city_explorer -f schema.sql`

Server logic:
- Within your route callback, invoke your lookup function, passing the appropriate options. For example, you will need to include the search query, a function to execute if the records exist in the table, and a function to execute if the records do not exist in the table.
  - If the records exist, send them as the response to the client.
  - If the records do not exist, request the data from the appropriate APIs, as you have in labs 6 and 7. Store the results in the appropriate table in your database and send the API results as the response to the client.
- Redeploy your application.

## Stretch Goal

- Create a single "lookup" function for all models to share.

## Documentation

_Your `README.md` must include:_

```md
# Project Name

**Author**: Your Name Goes Here
**Version**: 1.0.0 (increment the patch/fix version number if you make more commits past your first submission)

## Overview
<!-- Provide a high level overview of what this application is and why you are building it, beyond the fact that it's an assignment for this class. (i.e. What's your problem domain?) -->

## Getting Started
<!-- What are the steps that a user must take in order to build this app on their own machine and get it running? -->

## Architecture
<!-- Provide a detailed description of the application design. What technologies (languages, libraries, etc) you're using, and any other relevant design information. -->

## Change Log
<!-- Use this area to document the iterative changes made to your application as each feature is successfully implemented. Use time stamps. Here's an examples:

01-01-2001 4:59pm - Application now has a fully-functional express server, with a GET route for the location resource.

## Credits and Collaborations
<!-- Give credit (and a link) to other people or resources that helped you build this application. -->
-->
```

## Submission Instructions

- Complete your Feature Tasks for the day
- Create a Pull Request (PR) back to the `master` branch of your repository
- On Canvas, submit a link to your PR and a link to your deployed application on Heroku. Add a comment in your Canvas assignment which includes the following:
  - A question within the context of today's lab assignment
  - An observation about the lab assignment, or related 'Ah-hah!' moment
  - How long you spent working on this assignment

Commit message:

Updates to classes 8 and 9 for cache invalidation (#223)
* Updates lookup location in demo code and solution code; moves stretch goal to mvp task

* Removes meetups, not needed until lab 9

* Removes extra line

* Adds cache invalidation to demo code, solution code, and lab instructions; updates schema.sql

curriculum/08-sql-postgres/LAB.md, after:

# Lab 08: Persistence with a SQL database

## Resources

[SQL Syntax Cheatsheet](./cheatsheets/sql.md)

[PostgreSQL Shell Cheatsheet](./cheatsheets/postgres-shell.md)

[PostgreSQL Docs](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/)

## Configuration

- `.env` - with your PORT and API keys. Make sure this file is in your `.gitignore` so your keys are not pushed to GitHub.
- `README.md` - with documentation regarding your lab and it's current state of development. Check the "documentation" section below for more details on how that should look **AT MINIMUM**
- `.gitignore` - with standard NodeJS configurations
- `.eslintrc.json` - with Code 301 course standards for the linter
- `package.json` - with all dependencies and any associated details related to configuration
- Note that the `package-lock.json` file is automatically created when dependencies are installed and ensures that future installations of the project use the same versions of the dependencies.

```sh
lab-08-repository
   ├── .env
   ├── .eslintrc.json
   ├── .gitignore
   ├── package-lock.json
   ├── package.json
   ├── schema.sql
   └── server.js
```

## User Acceptance Tests

### Overview

For this lab assignment, you will use the latitude and longitude to request information about movies filmed in the location and Yelp review for local restaurants.

### Repository set-up

- One person from your group should create a new repository on GitHub called `lab-08-back-end`. Add your partner(s) as collaborator(s). Clone your repository.
- Follow the same code review process as lab 7.

### Heroku Deployment

- Once your app is functioning correctly on your master branch, deploy your back end to Heroku in the same manner as labs 6 and 7. Create a new Heroku instance with your new partner(s) today. Your deployed site **should not** contain any broken functionality. 
- You will also need to provision a SQL database on Heroku. To do so, nagivate to the Resources tab and in the Add-Ons, search for "Postgres" and provision the free version.
- As you continue to work on features, make sure to check out your master branch and pull the changes after each pull request is merged. Then, create a new branch from your master branch and continue working. You may now begin your feature tasks for lab 8.

### Feature #1: Caching data

#### Why are we implementing this feature?

- As a user, I want the application to perform quickly so that I can search for locations frequently and reliably.

#### What are we going to implement?

Given that a user enters a valid location in the input  
When the user clicks the "Explore!" button  
Then the results will be loaded from a SQL database, if previously cached  

Given that a user enters a valid location in the input  
When the user clicks the "Explore!" button  
Then the results will be requested from each individual API, if not previously cached  

Given that a user enters a valid location in the input  
When the user clicks the "Explore!" button  
Then the results will be cached in a SQL database for future retrieval  

Given that a user does not enter a valid location in the input  
When the user clicks the "Explore!" button  
Then the location information will not be displayed  

#### How are we implementing it?

Database set-up:
- Install and require the NPM PostgreSQL package `pg` in your server.js file.
- Add your connection string to your `.env` file as your `DATABASE_URL`.
  - Windows and Linux users: You should have retained the user/password from the pre-work for this course. Your OS may require that your connection string is composed of additional information including user and password. For example: `postgres://USER:PASSWORD@HOST:PORT/DBNAME`;
  - Mac users: `postgres://localhost:5432/DBNAME`;
- Pass the appropriate argument when instantiating a new Client.

Table creation:
- Create a file called `schema.sql` which contains correct SQL queries to drop all of your tables and create them, if they do not already exist. All tables should be created in the same database.
- Execute this file from the command line with the following syntax: `psql -d <database-name> -f <filename>`.
  - For example, `psql -d city_explorer -f schema.sql`

Server logic:
- Create a function to check the database for the location information.
  - If the location record already exists in the database, send the location object in the response to the client.
  - It it does not exist in the database, request the data from the API, save it in the database, and then send the location object in the response to the client.
- For all of your other models, write a single lookup function that is dynamic and can be shared by all of the models. This lookup function should accept several options:
  - The search query
  - A function to execute if the records exist in the table
  - A function to execute if the records do not exist in the table.
- Within your route callback, invoke your lookup function, passing the appropriate options.
  - If the records exist, send them as the response to the client.
  - If the records do not exist, request the data from the appropriate APIs, as you have in labs 6 and 7. Store the results in the appropriate table in your database and send the API results as the response to the client.
- Redeploy your application.

## Documentation

_Your `README.md` must include:_

```md
# Project Name

**Author**: Your Name Goes Here
**Version**: 1.0.0 (increment the patch/fix version number if you make more commits past your first submission)

## Overview
<!-- Provide a high level overview of what this application is and why you are building it, beyond the fact that it's an assignment for this class. (i.e. What's your problem domain?) -->

## Getting Started
<!-- What are the steps that a user must take in order to build this app on their own machine and get it running? -->

## Architecture
<!-- Provide a detailed description of the application design. What technologies (languages, libraries, etc) you're using, and any other relevant design information. -->

## Change Log
<!-- Use this area to document the iterative changes made to your application as each feature is successfully implemented. Use time stamps. Here's an examples:

01-01-2001 4:59pm - Application now has a fully-functional express server, with a GET route for the location resource.

## Credits and Collaborations
<!-- Give credit (and a link) to other people or resources that helped you build this application. -->
-->
```

## Submission Instructions

- Complete your Feature Tasks for the day
- Create a Pull Request (PR) back to the `master` branch of your repository
- On Canvas, submit a link to your PR and a link to your deployed application on Heroku. Add a comment in your Canvas assignment which includes the following:
  - A question within the context of today's lab assignment
  - An observation about the lab assignment, or related 'Ah-hah!' moment
  - How long you spent working on this assignment
