curriculum/10-call-stack/FACILITATOR.md, before:

# Class 10: The Call Stack
 
## Overview

The purpose of today's lecture is to discuss the call stack so students think about the order of code execution. Part of code review during class 7 included tracing the path of code execution in the solution code from lab 6.

Work through another call stack exercise, as you did in lecture 7. Divide students into groups of 2. As you trace the call stack, students should write the name of the function on a Post-It note and add and remove it from their own version of the call stack in front of them on the table. When a function is removed from the call stack, students should write its return value inside the function that called it, as appropriate.

Another portion of today's lecture is reading error messages. Error messages can be intimidating to students, so walking through the errors together and providing tips will be helpful.

Towards the end of lecture, remind students that there is a corresponding lab assignment. For courses in the daytime schedule, the lab will take place on Monday morning prior to lecture 11. Students should continue to work on their `server.js` code from lab 9. To do so, they should make a fork of the repository they used for lab 9. The purpose of making a fork is so that each partner can work independently over the weekend. For the lab, they will work with a new partner and review each others' lab code. The assignment involves drawing the call stack, drawing a diagram of the web request-response cycle (WRRC), and annotating their printed-out code.

## How do I prep for today?

- Review the final solution code for the City Explorer back end. 
- Review the Feature Tasks for the lab assignment and remind students to print out their code prior to lab time.

## What changed from the previous class?

## What might students struggle with today?

- Understanding the difference between client and server
- Identifying which line of code corresponds to each step of the WRRC diagram

## What bugs, issues, or surprises have come up in the past for this class?

## General comments

Commit message:

Adds daily plan item and note in FACILITATOR.md to introduce code challenge topic at the end of lecture each day (#232)

curriculum/10-call-stack/FACILITATOR.md, after:

# Class 10: The Call Stack
 
## Overview

The purpose of today's lecture is to discuss the call stack so students think about the order of code execution. Part of code review during class 7 included tracing the path of code execution in the solution code from lab 6.

Work through another call stack exercise, as you did in lecture 7. Divide students into groups of 2. As you trace the call stack, students should write the name of the function on a Post-It note and add and remove it from their own version of the call stack in front of them on the table. When a function is removed from the call stack, students should write its return value inside the function that called it, as appropriate.

Another portion of today's lecture is reading error messages. Error messages can be intimidating to students, so walking through the errors together and providing tips will be helpful.

Towards the end of lecture, remind students that there is a corresponding lab assignment. For courses in the daytime schedule, the lab will take place on Monday morning prior to lecture 11. Students should continue to work on their `server.js` code from lab 9. To do so, they should make a fork of the repository they used for lab 9. The purpose of making a fork is so that each partner can work independently over the weekend. For the lab, they will work with a new partner and review each others' lab code. The assignment involves drawing the call stack, drawing a diagram of the web request-response cycle (WRRC), and annotating their printed-out code.

## How do I prep for today?

- Review the final solution code for the City Explorer back end. 
- Review the Feature Tasks for the lab assignment and remind students to print out their code prior to lab time.
- Prepare a 10-15 demonstration to introduce the topic of today's code challenges.

## What changed from the previous class?

## What might students struggle with today?

- Understanding the difference between client and server
- Identifying which line of code corresponds to each step of the WRRC diagram

## What bugs, issues, or surprises have come up in the past for this class?

## General comments
